Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: IsaBelaMora
Version: 0.0.0
Summary: ¡The magic of the letters and the cheats!
Home-page: 
Author: Joshua Mendez
Author-email: joshua@joshuamendez.com
License: MIT
Keywords: letters
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Education
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows :: Windows 10
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
License-File: LICENCE.txt

ScriptSupreme is a cutting-edge software designed to revolutionize the way screenwriters, playwrights, and novelists bring their stories to life. With its powerful suite of features, ScriptSupreme offers a seamless and intuitive writing experience, allowing you to focus on your creativity and storytelling.

The software includes a robust set of tools for organizing your ideas, structuring your plot, and developing your characters. With its user-friendly interface, you can easily navigate through your work, create outlines, and visualize your story arc.

ScriptSupreme also features an advanced AI-powered tool that can suggest improvements to your writing based on style, tone, and grammar. With this feature, you can quickly identify areas where your writing can be improved and refine your prose to perfection.

Whether you're a seasoned professional or just starting out, ScriptSupreme is the perfect tool to take your writing to the next level. So why wait? Download ScriptSupreme today and start creating the stories you've always dreamed of.

Version 1.0.0 (2023-05-15):

Initial release of ScriptSupreme, a powerful tool for scripting and automation in Python.
Added support for creating and running Python scripts directly from the command line.
Implemented an intuitive and user-friendly GUI for creating and managing scripts.
Included a comprehensive library of pre-built functions for common automation tasks, such as file management, web scraping, and data manipulation.
Introduced advanced features like multi-threading, error handling, and logging to facilitate robust and scalable scripting.
Added support for integration with third-party libraries and tools like Selenium, BeautifulSoup, and Pandas.
Improved documentation and provided comprehensive examples and tutorials to help users get started quickly.


Version 1.1.0 (2023-06-01):

Added support for scheduling scripts to run at specified intervals using the built-in scheduler.
Implemented a new debugging mode to facilitate easier debugging of scripts and identifying errors.
Introduced a new plugin system to allow users to easily extend ScriptSupreme with custom functions and modules.
Improved performance and memory management to make ScriptSupreme faster and more efficient.
Fixed several minor bugs and issues reported by users.


Version 1.5.0 (2023-07-15):

Added support for remote execution of scripts on multiple machines using SSH.
Implemented a new visual scripting mode for non-programmers, allowing users to create scripts using a drag-and-drop interface.
Introduced a new data visualization module for creating interactive charts and graphs from script output.
Improved security by implementing stronger encryption and authentication protocols for SSH connections.
Added support for version control integration with Git and other popular version control systems.
Fixed several bugs and issues reported by users.
